release: v3.14.10 (#1135)
sendbird/sendbird-uikit-react: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog - v3

## [v3.14.10] (June 13, 2024)
### Fixes

> - Replaced non-existent `onlight-05` with `onlight-03` as per product designer's recommendation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replaced onlight-05 with onlight-03 since onlight-05 doesn't exist in the product design guide.
```
would be better :)
